Update metrics.mdx (#24539)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/metrics.mdx

  --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    'http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/metrics?format=prometheus'
```

> The active node in a Vault cluster will respond with metrics, but the follower nodes will respond with no metrics (i.e. the curl command will exit 0 and there will be no output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When requesting metric information, only the active node in a Vault cluster
responds with data. Follower nodes ignore metric requests, which typically
results in a timeout response. For example, `curl` command returns with the
error code `0` and no output.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid parentheticals when possible
